
***Max’s Artoo Assignment: Notes***

So I definitely struggled with this assignment. Most of my scrapes don’t work the way they are intended 100%, even after I worked on them for a considerable amount of time. So I’m definitely looking to learn more to improve them and I am eager to hear how I could have been more accurate and more efficient, because obviously I could have been since I could barely get some things to work. But I definitely learned a lot about the code and how it works and I feel a lot more comfortable with it.

A note on my posting: I had some confusion on how to post this assignment so if I have two posts that awkwardly show up that is why. I tried to do what Matt said in the video by pressing the plus button next to the collective-methods/artoo line, but there was no plus sign when I went there so I used the new file button. Sorry if it turns out wrong.


#Scrape 1: Getting links for campaign explanation videos (http://edition.cnn.com/specials/politics/2016-election)
######

<pre>
artoo.scrape('div:nth-child(6)', {
    title: {sel: 'a'},
    url: {sel: 'a', attr: 'href'}
}, 
artoo.savePrettyJson);
</pre>

Scrape 1: I looked at the code from the first example and then tried to repeat the process with the CNN politics page and video links for several different campaigns. It isn't perfect but it got me going




#Scrape 2: getting links for songs from Chance the Rapper on Soundcloud (https://soundcloud.com/chancetherapper)
######

<pre>
artoo.scrape('ul:nth-child(10)', {
    title: {sel: 'span', attr: 'class'},
    url: {sel: 'a', attr: 'href'}
}, 
artoo.savePrettyJson);
</pre>


Scrape 2: Tried to do basically the same thing with this one. It looks like nothing but I spent a super long time trying stuff out with this one and I feel like I definitely got more of a feel for it. This particular version doesn’t work but in the few versions that I tried before this one I was able to pull up the links in order but without the titles. I think it has something to do with my order of the nth child, but I can’t figure out why it is wrong. Perhaps it is because I am trying to get the link from the button function in the code. 




#Scrape 3: switching text and images (http://www.theonion.com/article/ben-carson-slowly-floats-away-earth-52475)
######

<pre>
artoo.scrape('body > *', 'img', function($) {
    text: function() {
        var searchFor = 'Carson ';
        var replaceWith = 'Pham ‘;
var searchFor = 'Rubio ';
        var replaceWith = 'Pham ';
        var html = $(this).html();
        var imgSrc = 'https://i.ytimg.com/vi/j5oHw9-7WVg/maxresdefault.jpg';
   	$(this).attr('src', imgSrc);
if (html.search(searchFor) > -1) {
            var newHtml = html.replace(new RegExp(searchFor, 'g'), replaceWith);
            $(this).html(newHtml);
        }
    }

    
});
</pre>


Scrape 3: For this one I tried to combine the text replacement and image replacement examples. I got pretty close but as of right now I have only been able to get one to work at a time.



#Scrape 4
######

<pre>
artoo.scrape('div.design:nth-child(3)', {
    picture: {sel: 'img', attr: 'src'},
    url: {sel: 'a', attr: 'href'}
}, 
artoo.savePrettyJson);
</pre>


Scrape 4: So for number four I decided to go back to my original attempts. I know this is the most basic example but I figured it would be best to keep trying to get it. I worked for a number of hours on the previous ones and I thought maybe I should try it out on a new example. I think on this one, like the others, my confusion was about the nth child function. As in where do I start counting what number ’n’ a particular function counts as? I think I got it this time though, using the class function. This scrape allowed me to collect the links to the thumbnail pictures for this open source website as well as links to proposals. 




#Scrape 5 (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sR6zynt9McI)
######

<pre>
artoo.scrape('video', function($) { 
	var src = 'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XSH0liXO7BI';
	var class = 'html5-video-player ytp-hide-info-bar endscreen-created playing-mode ytp-autohide’;
	var style = 'width: 480px; height: 360px; left: 80px; top: 0px; transform: none; opacity: 1;’;  $(this).attr('src', src);
});
</pre>


So for this one, I originally wanted to switch the video of a Frank Ocean song to a song by Fairuz, the Lebanese singer and actress. I tried to introduce not only a new source but a new ‘class’ and ’style' because these were present with the videos in the code but not with pictures. I think I was pretty close but despite many tries I have still been unsuccessful as of yet. 


